Ex1

1a)

1.We do not deliver our working software frequently, which leads to repeated failure of playing music and displaying images at the almost very end of the whole project.

2.We do not fully discuss about the level transition before coding the connections of three levels and that makes our final architecture very dangerous and not sustainable enough.

3.We do not discuss thoroughly about features and that leads to a member of us coding the not discusses feature timer at the end while the whole structure does not take time feature into account and as a result, the timer feature fails to be realized.

4.At first, the parameters of the ball and the paddles are fixed. For example, the radius of the ball, the length of the paddle, the wall position in the process are all directly set as numbers, rather than changeable parameters. And that causes a waste of time, because when later adjusting that some bugs emerge while we forget about what some numbers mean.

5.We do not give enough time to adjust our product, which means that we ourselves fail to do more adjustments according to the game experience that we get when playing our own game.

1b)Agile development could have help our whole team set changeable paramenters at the beginning of designing the ball and the whole basic game. Also, if we can discuss features totally at the beginning and make every new idea be informed of everyone, then there will not be a situation where someone is working on an unknown feature to the rest of the team. Besides, if we can deliver our working software frequently, every time after a new feature is invented, then I guess there will be few asset problems at the end. Finally, if we can finish our first version of the game earlier, there will be enough time for us to adjust the level difficulties by changing some parameter values according to our game experience. In a word, agile development can help our whole team cooperate better and make our final product more flexible and offer better game experience. 

2.

Agile development can help me be more efficient in my work both in coding and communication. With agile development, when more requirements come, the game just need to be slightly changed, rather than sometimes rebuilding the whole structure. Also, agile development requires teammates to talk with each other daily and that in-time communication can help the project to be updated frequently and that everyone knows the change and can be involved in the coding process and give their opinions.

3.

Because wrong features that have no market for them can directly lead to startups’ failures.

4.

Our process is not optimal. We actually don’t come up with what we really want to finally achieve about this game, which causes our game features to seem not very related with each other. Also, we didn’t break down features according to feasibility, desirability, and viability. And we didn’t score options on an effort/Impact scale and just decide on whether to take the option according to whether it is difficult or not.

5.

Spring planning helps to refocus attention, minimize surprises, and may guarantee better code. Also, sprint planning aligns the development team with the product owner.

6.

Product roadmap 30%

Because the agile development aims to ship better software and we, as product owners, need to decide where to go in a long time period and keep the high-level product view always in sight. So a product roadmap directly influences the quality of sprint and future development and needs to be given a loarge amount of time.

 

Product backlog and user stories 10%

Product backlog involves all the bugs, issues, and user stories. By grooming a product backlog, the user story can be updated, organized and clear, which will help optimize team’s time.

 

Sprint goal and backlog 40%

Before a sprint gets underway, we need to know what we’re trying to accomplish, namely the sprint goal, and how we’re going to get there, namely the sprint backlog. If they are given more time, the sprint goal will be realistic and what the success of the sprint is judged against will be clear. Besides, if the sprint backlog is given much time,  the team can form a good understanding of what needs to be done and what tasks are most important.

 

Sprint planning meeting 20%

The meeting provide a chance to hear from everyone with specific responsibilities and needs that they want met to make sure the team comes to a consensus. But shorter meetings are more recommended due to efficiency, so the meeting won’t take a very big account.

 

Ex2

\1. The naming style is not good. It primarily shows up when we define a function. We do not add “_” when naming a function, which may cause confusion when others look at the code. In p2, we will pay more attention to naming functions.

\2. We write some abundant functions and do not split it into sub-functions. In project two, our new team will split a big function into several small sub-functions.

\3. In some functions, the pattern matching isn’t used correctly. In p2, we will try to avoid if and else and, instead, use more cases.

 

Ex3

1.Dynamically typed language means that the programmer doesn't have to take the time to define the specific parameters of each and every variable used in your program, while static typing is in the opposite. And if you write some code in a dynamic language like PHP and then you come back two years later, you lack that documentation, while Static typing ends up being really good documentation for what you intended when you wrote the code.

Even though Facebook uses PHP, a dynamically typed language, may make you more productive in the short-term, it can make things more difficult in the long run. And if you come back later after using a dynamically typed language, you will lose documentation. And also, just as ex-Googler and Box vice president of engineering Sam Schillace says, Facebook is about innovation and it is not necessarily optimized for elegance, not all big projects can solve one hard solution after another over a long course and when innovation cannot solve problems, the project meets great trouble. Therefore, I think that for big project, the more disciplined statically typed language is a more recommended language choice.

2.Facebook solves hard problem one after another. To solve the problem of mighty expensive servers running a website of such enormous size with PHP, Facebook invents HipHop to convert the PHP code into C++ before it was executed on the company's servers so as to speed up. And later it invents [HipHop Virtual Machine](https://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=10150415177928920) to convert PHP codes into machine language as it executes on the server so as to further speed up.

Instagram uses strict modules to place some limitations on what can happen at module top level so that bad interactions of import-time side effects are no longer possible.

3.When choosing a language for a new project, one should consider the scale of the project and the longevity of the project. For example, if the project is not big and is not designed to live for a very long time, one can choose a dynamically typed language to attain innovation and productivity of the programmers. However, if the project is quite large and may have a long time to go, the statically typed language is more recommended because one can always find a good documentation to know the intention at the moment and gives you more discipline. By the way, if one really emphasize innovation over optimization of elegance, the dynamically typed language can also be a choice for large projects, but one should get ready for many later-on hard problems to solve.

4.

Rust VS Python:

Python is an interpreted language, while Rust is a compiled language. So Rust is faster than Python. Rust is a go-to language when performance matters because it works well for processing large amounts of data. It can handle CPU-intensive operations such as executing algorithms, which is why Rust more suitable than Python for system development. Also, Rust guarantees memory safety, which is useful for building complex systems. Python, on the other hand, is simple and easy to code. It is flexible,Packed with an extensive selection of data-oriented packages and libraries and supported by an excellent ecosystem of tools and libraries.

Go VS C++:

C++ was designed to be object-oriented and procedural, while Go is designed and influenced by the C programming language with simple features. Besides, C++ allows multiple inheritances, while Go does not allow multiple inheritances as it does not support a class-based declaration. Structs and classes are the same in C++, while Go does not support class-based declaration but instead has Interfaces to support objects. C++ is static typing, while Go is a static and strong typing discipline. C++ has STL (Standard Template Library) libraries, while Go does not have template libraries. C++ uses true, false and bool, while Go has logical operators instead of boolean. Parametric polymorphism in C++ is checked at compile time, while Polymorphism does not exist in the Go programming language.