**t3**

The folder *ex1* is for exercise 1.

The folder *ex 2* is for exercise 2.

The foldr *ex3* is for exercise 3.



**Ex1**

**2(a)** A boolean crisis is that booleans can cause great loss of intent and make it hard for others to understand the real meaning of each boolean and that they can cause many errors when people do not fully understand the story and neglect cases when using if else sentences.

The sum type replaces booleans with sub-types of the union type. 

These sub-types clearly indicate what each case represents and by using case for pattern matching, they can serve the purpose that booleans and if else once serve. What's more, they require programmers to consider all the possible cases to avoid crashing.

**2(b)** In tetris the *type Msg* is a union type used to tell how to update model. The *type State* is used to tell whether the game is being played or not and is greatly related with the view function. 

**2(c)** The model for *wizardd* is created with features: *Race, Class, Armor*.



**Ex2**

**1.** The fruit interval x is generated by a random int generator and grape is represented by a purple grid, while apple is represented by a red grid. And the fruit interval is shown on the screen. For example, when the interval is 3, it means that the fruit will be generated in the sequence of grape, grape, apple. And eating apple brings 50 points, eating grape brings 10 points.

**2.** The score is shown on the second line of the screen.

**3.** Hearts on top of the screen are symbols for how many lives left and whenever the snake runs into the wall or itself, hearts number will minus one. And when there are no hearts left, the game is over.



**Ex3**

**2(a)** The color of control buttons are modified to be blue.

**2(b)** In *tetriminos* in *Tetriminos.elm*, more kinds of tetrminos are added.

**2(c)** In the info text, *"Always have fun playing it ! qvq"* is added at the end.

**3(a)** In the file *Grid.elm*, the functions: *fulLine, checkfullLine*  are used to detect full lines and the function *clearLines* is used to clear lines.

**3(b)** The function *clearLines* in *Grid.elm* is modified so that when a line is full, not only itself, but also the line below it is cleared up, unless when that line is the bottom line.

**4**  *Just* and *Nothing* belong to the **Maybe** type and are very efficient in error handling. When a value is of **Maybe** type, then it includes two variants that correspond clearly to either of cases when errors will or will not happen. With this type, Elm successfully treat error as a special data. So when errors happen, rather than causing the whole program to crash, the variant *Nothing* is given to enable the running, which eliminates many otherwise bugs and guarantee that runtime errors are avoided. When dealing with the **Maybe** type, cases are often used to make sure that all possibilities are discussed, which can avoid many unexpected errors.